Handbook editor pass - Engineering (#6124)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/engineering.md

### On constantly changing data

> A very complex thing to do well shows presence data in a somewhat real-time fashion. In the case of Fleet, that is host seen_time which is what we use to define if a host is online or offline.

Author: I'm not sure what this means. Please rewrite for clarity.

Author: @zwass, could you look at line 246 and help me decipher how to rewrite it for clarity?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be difficult to show real-time presence data. For Fleet, that is the host `seen_time` -- the time a host last connected to the server -- which is used to determine whether a host is online.
```

In the ideal case, the count query will be covered by an index and be extremely fast. In the worst case, the query will be counting filtering on calculated data, which results in a full (multi) table scan on big tables.

> One way to solve this is to pre-calculate data in an async fashion, so we would have a cron that once every hour or so would count whatever we want counted, store the counts, and then counting things is as fast as reading a row in a table. 

Author: This paragraph is all one sentence and I couldn't decipher the meaning to rewrite it. Please rewrite in simple terms for clarity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An approach we've taken to addressing this is pre-calculating aggregations and counts that take a long time to generate. By generating these results beforehand and storing them, we can return results by reading a single row from a table when the information is needed.
```
